Welcome back.
It's time for an exciting interview question and this question comes straight from Google given energy.
Let's say that looks like this.
Tell me the first recurring character.
What does that mean.
Well if we look at this array over here I want a function that I can enter this array.
This input is going to look through all the numbers and tell me which one gets repeated first.
So we look at 2 5 1 and 2 and we say two has already been seen.
Two is the recurring number.
If we look at another example we see 2 1 1 and 0.
We stop here because 1 we've already seen before we can say the first recurring character is 1.
If we get an array that has all unique items we just return undefined.
So how would you go about solving this.
Give it a go see what you come up with.
If you need help perhaps score on discord and chat with some of the community members and I'll see you
in the solution video.